hello everyone I hope you're enjoying
your weekend and I just want to do a
quick tutorial to show you how I do this
Turkish wrap scarf so let's get started
I'm gonna be using this beautiful floral
print scarf from a by addict and this is
fun which is so amazing for the summer
because they're very cool and they're
very comfortable so I started off just I
just have my own ton underneath that I
have this volumizing scrunchie and you
don't like the volume you can just skip
that part so I'm just gonna get the
scarf and you can see how the light is
and you want to have one side shorter
than the other so here's how I have it
one side and short side and then you're
gonna bring it to the top of your head
and fold a couple of inches in about
that much bringing it back to the top
and then tuck it underneath your chin
and then you just gonna leave a little
bit of space so you can make this pointy
part here and just like flick it up now
I'm gonna put the pin so for anything
I've been doing this wrong for so many
years
so don't if you put your PIN like
horizontally it's gonna get stuck in the
threads of the scarf and ruin your scarf
so if you put it vertically it just
makes it so much easier so I'm putting
my pin Ritchie
and then you can like secure the sides
with some straight pins if you want they
don't really eat - and then I'm gonna
get the longer side and then that's just
gonna go around and there you have it
this is the basic Turkish rap that's
what else but now the cool thing about
these scarves is that they're a little
wide and a long so they give you some
room to play around with and be creative
so then you can get these two ends you
can probably like time you can make a
bow
side boom maybe bring it to the middle
and in one of the pictures I had posted
on Instagram I was wearing the same
scarf in a different color
so what I had done is I got the side and
then I took it back and this is really
nice because it gives some chest
coverage and so then I mean it's just
like a little triangle here and then you
can take this one and tuck it back in
there are so many things you can do with
this scarf it's like really so many
English options so let me know what you
guys think of this and thank you for
watching